Feature "Commit Date for Branch" (#1439)
scm-manager/scm-manager: docs/en/user/repo/branches.md

---
### Overview
The branches overview shows the branches that are already existing. By clicking on a branch, the details page of the branch is shown.

> Branches are split into two lists: Branches whose last commits are at most 30 days older than the one of the default
> branch are listed in "Active Branches". The other ones can be found in "Stale Branches".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Branches are split into two lists: Branches whose last commits are at most 30 days older than the head of the default
branch are listed in "Active Branches". The older ones can be found in "Stale Branches".
```
